The Time-stamp: line indicates when this file was last modified.
Time-stamp: <1998-02-28 13:38:40 james>

The MySC package is CSSC's ancestor.  MySC compiled under GCC 2.4.5
(but not GCC 2.7.x), and was written by Ross Ridge.

This package was for all intents and purposes written (that is,
updated for modern C++ compilers, fixed, enhanced, made more portable,
ported, fixed and documented) by James Youngman, <jay@gnu.org>.  James
also added a test suite, wrote the test cases, converted the package
to use GNU Autoconf and GNU Automake, and wrote the manual.  He's the
current maintainer.  Only (and all) code still in the Kernighan and
Ritchie format is still left over from MySC.  New code is indented
according to the GNU specification.

Lars Hecking <lhecking@nmrc.ucc.ie> provided valuable help with
Autoconf and portability information for Solaris, SunOS, AmigaOS, and
IRIX.  Plus, lots and *lots* of testing and useful bug reports.


Dave Bodenstab <imdave@mcs.net> is to be thanked for providing patches
for FreeBSD-2.0.5 support -- these were largely to fix silly
assumptions (location of "true", GCC-2.6.3 support), nothing catering
to FreeBSD especially.

Malcolm Boff <Malcolm_Boff@compuserve.com> provided a useful bug
report for FreeBSD (apparently "echo -e -n" is invalid; the options
are exclusive).

Richard Polton <richardp@scopic.com> provided Solaris testing, plus
testing with gigantic inputs, and rewrote sccsdiff, also supplying
test cases for it (in fact the only person so far [as of 1998-01-11]
to do so!)  Richard also submitted code to remove the "xalloc"
wrappers for operator ::new so that all the code now uses new and
delete rather than a mixture of that and xalloc()/free().

Support for development snapshots of GCC (as of 1997-08-11) was
contributed by Fila Kolodny <fila@ibi.com>.


Local Variables:
mode: Text
End:
